welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a spanish
file and thriller movie named
the platform
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the film begins with a scene of a
gourmet meal being expertly prepared
while a voiceover states that there are
three types of people the ones above the
ones below and the ones who fall
an elderly chef walks through a massive
kitchen approving various delicious
dishes as he goes
a young man named goring awakens in a
concrete prison cell where he is greeted
by an older man named trimagassi
trimagassi tells him that they are on
level 48 and that they are in the pit
trimagassi wonders what their food will
be
one goring asks him to elaborate
trimagase states that it will be
whatever the ones above leave behind
goring looks through a rectangular hole
in the bottom of the cell revealing
countless identical cells below theirs
he sees the same when he looks above
when goring asks how the pit works
trimagase simply tells him that they eat
and that while it is either easy or
difficult to do so depending on where
you've been assigned 48 is not that bad
of a level
goring asks him how many levels are
below them and trimagassi says there are
not many but that soon there will be
less
goring calls out to the ones below them
but trimagassi instructs him not to and
says that the ones above won't answer
either goring says he has been in the
pit for many months and that they will
only remain at level 48 for exactly a
month
a platform containing scraps of food
then lowers itself through the hole in
the ceiling stopping once it reaches
them trimagassi begins to eat hungrily
boring refuses to eat disgusted at the
thought of having to feast on food that
94 others have already eaten but finds a
perfectly intact apple and tucks it into
his pocket intending to save it for
later after the platform descends goring
points out that the room is growing
hotter trimagassi says that the
temperature in the room will continue to
rise until they boil alive unless goring
returns the apple he stole and that the
punishment for attempting to keep any of
the food is being burned or frozen to
death
goring throws the apple back and the
temperature returns to normal
goring offers to tell trauma gassy why
he is in the pit in exchange for
trimagase's own story he explains that
he plans on quitting smoking and that he
brought a copy of miguel de cervantes
don quixote to read as all inmates are
allowed to choose one personal item to
bring into the pit with them leading
trimagassi to question if goring
admitted himself to the pit voluntarily
goring reveals that he agreed to remain
in the pit for six months in exchange
for an accredited diploma trimagassi
reveals that he is spending a year in
the pit offended at the fact that he is
not receiving a degree
the next day trimagassi tells his own
story he purchased a samurai max a
highly efficient knife sharpener that he
had seen in a television ad before then
seeing an ad for the samurai plus a
self-sharpening knife in his frustration
at having wasted his money on the
samurai max he threw his tv out his
window crushing and killing a man who
was passing by trying gassy appears to
show no remorse for this on account that
the man was an illegal immigrant and
therefore shouldn't have been there in
the first place trying to gassy then
confides that he doesn't know exactly
how many levels there are but that there
are definitely at least 132 having
stayed on level 132 before and claiming
that no food reaches such low levels
goring doesn't believe trauma gassy
could have possibly survived for a month
without food but trimagassi claims he
was still able to eat in spite of the
platform containing no food boring wants
to try to convince the ones above to
ration the food but trimagassi says it's
fruitless goring then tries to pass the
message to those below but trynagassie
unzips his pants and urinates on them as
goring watches in disgust
boring shows trimagassi his copy of don
quixote before asking what personal item
trimagassi chose trimagase reveals that
he brought a samurai plus
boring initially refuses to eat but he
eventually succumbs to hunger and joins
tramagassi at the table
one day a dead body plummets down
through the hole trimagassi explains
that many people above commit suicide
when they have all their needs mad and
have to focus solely on their situation
and the things they have done to survive
goring is shocked at trauma gassy's
cavalier attitude he accuses trimagassi
of killing and eating his prior cell
mate when they were on one of the lower
levels trimagassi denies this and says
his cellmate served his term and was
released he says they survived on the
lower levels by cannibalizing the
corpses that fell from above
one day a woman is seated upon the table
as it descends
trimagassi explains that this woman is
named miuru and is trying to find her
young child who's allegedly held
somewhere therein he says that she kills
her cellmate every month theorizing the
body that fell may have been her
cellmates in hopes she'll next be paired
with her child
she descends on the platform as far as
she can go every month in search of her
child
when the table descends to level 49 the
inmates their attempt to rape her goring
yells at them to stop
mihuru kills the two men and continues
her descent
after many days goring becomes less
civil and more like tramagassi on their
last night at level 47 trimagassi admits
he's come to light goring although he
doesn't think goring has what it takes
to survive his stay
trimagassi says he only has two more
months before his time is served
when goring awakens he finds himself
tied down to the bed with trimagassi
standing over him with his knife they
have been moved to level 171
people are screaming upon discovering
where they are and several commit
suicide by jumping down the hole
trying gassy explains that if he hadn't
bound goring goring eventually would
have killed him out of hunger as goring
is younger and in better shape trying
gassy plans to fast for as long as he
can slowly mutilate goring so they can
both eat his flesh one goring calls
trauma gassy a murder he says it is the
ones above them that have caused this
when the platform descends not even
bones remain on the table for them to
eat
after a while trimagassi begins carving
into goring's leg before trimagassi can
complete his mutilation the platform
arrives with miro on it she wounds
trimagassi and freeze goring
now freed goring kills tramagassi he and
mihuru eat trimagassi before she
descends further down on the table
goring begins to hallucinate
conversations with trimagassi who is now
part of goring's body and having sex
with miro
goring barely survives to the end of the
month
goring awakens to find a new cellmate
name to mogiri who has a dog with her
they find themselves on level 33.
imogiri worked for the administration
that runs the pit and the country
outside before volunteering to be placed
inside
she says that there are 200 levels and
that if everyone ate only what they
needed there would be enough food to
reach the bottom the chefs also prepare
the favorite foods of each inmate
emojiri states that the administration
hopes that the members of the pit
spontaneously come together for the good
of all
if the people in the pit can sacrifice
for each other the administration will
use that success to convince the people
outside to do the same
as the table descends emo geary asks the
inmates below to only eat what they need
but they ignore her
the following weeks imogiri continues to
plead with those on the level below to
eat only what they need
they are only persuaded when goring
threatens to defecate in the food that
said they are unable to persuade those
in the levels above their own to ration
their food emojiri believes that goring
may be the person who can bring the
prisoners together to sacrifice for the
come good
one day mihuru was found deathly ill on
the table the pair treat her but when
meeru awakens she kills a mogiri's dog
as mirou descends and kills another
convict that tries to assault her
imogiri says that meeru's story is bogus
she says that mirou voluntarily entered
the pit with no child in exchange for
help becoming the asian marilyn monroe
to prove she is trustworthy imogiri
reveals she has cancer and signed up
simply to try and help those inside
imogieri sinks into depression over the
loss of their dog
after reassignment day goring find
himself on level 202. when he awakens he
sees that a mogiri has hung herself
likely due to learning that the
administration lied to her about how
deep the pit goes there are more levels
below him as well
goring tries to eat his book
ultimately he succumbs to cannibalism
yet again devouring a mogiri's corpse he
now hallucinates conversations with
imogiri and trimagassi who are now both
a part of him and the specters proclaim
that he is the messiah
the next month we see that boring
awakens on level six with a man named
bharat as his new cellmate bahrat has a
rope with him and asks those above to
help him climb to the top and out of the
pit the prisoners above mock him and
defecate on him
boring who calculated that there are
roughly 250 levels while he was on level
202 proposes that the two descend on the
platform and hand out food at each level
he theorizes that if the food makes it
to the bottom they will have beaten the
system
if they fail they can ride the platform
back up
bahra being a pious man agrees to the
plan and they arm themselves for battle
as the pair begin their descent they
beat the other inmates back
they reach a level with a wise man that
bahrat knows the wise men says that the
pair must make sure that at least one
delicious dish is sent back up the
platform uneaten that uneaten dish will
serve as a message to the administration
that the pit has been conquered they
choose a panna cotta a near-perfect dish
to be returned totally uneaten the pair
are successful in forcing the prisoners
to conserve the food as they descend
they reach a floor where mirou is being
stabbed by two particularly vicious
inmates
boring and bar rod attack and kill the
vicious inmates but not without
suffering grievous wounds themselves
meru dies from the stab wounds
as they continue to descend they mainly
find people who are dead or insane on
the lower levels
the platform stops at level 333 which
they think is the final level at that
level they find minaroo's child
the pair get off the platform only to be
surprised when it descends yet again
they give the panakata to the child and
sleep
when goring awakens the next day he
finds bahrain dead from his injuries the
platform reaches their level that day
with no food
boring pulls the child onto the platform
goring caresses the child to sleep
the platform finally descends to the
very bottom where light from above is
but a pinprick
at the bottom goring again encounters
the spirit of trauma gassy who says that
goring's journey is at an end trauma
gassy says that the child is the true
message that must be sent back up to the
administration although goring wants to
stay with the child
he is coaxed off the platform when
trimagassi says that the child must rise
alone
in the last scene we see that the
platform begins its ascent to the top is
trimagassy and boring watch
tryna gassy assures goring that the
child will succeed in delivering the
message to the administration as goring
smiles
hope you like the movie
help us to grow by subscribing and
turning on the notifications